feat(curriculum): add linked list workshop (#61424)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/workshop-linked-list-class/6888d05ba074461b64f8eaca.md

---
id: 6888d05ba074461b64f8eaca
title: Step 16
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-16
---

# --description--

> Next, you're going to create another method that will be used to remove a given `element` from the linked list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, you're going to create another method that will be used to remove a given element from the linked list.
```

> You should create a method called `remove`, and add the `pass` keyword inside it.

Reviewer: We should combine this step with the following one.
```suggestion
Create a method called `remove` with two parameters, `self` and `element`. Inside it, create a variable called `previous_node` and assign `None` to it.
```
